classes, fields, constructors, and methods (#249)
racket/rhombus-prototype: design/class/class.md

Mixing keywords for default constructors with customized constructors:

```
class Posn(~x, y):
  nonfinal
  constructor (make):
    fun (~ex: x, ~wy: y):
      make(~x: 1, y)

class Posn3D(z):
  extends Posn
  constructor (make):
    fun (x, ~y: y, z):
      make(~ex: 1, ~wy: y)(z)
  internal _Posn3D

class Posn4D(w):
  extends Posn3D
  constructor (make):
    fun (x, y, z, w):
      make(x, ~y: y, z)(w)

Posn(~ex: 1, ~wy: 2)
Posn3D(1, ~y: 2, 3)
_Posn3D(~x: 1, 2, 3)
Posn4D(1, 2, 3, 4)
```

Mixing default-value forms and customized constructors:

```
class Posn(x, y, dist = x+y):
  nonfinal
  constructor (make):
    fun | (x, y): make(x, y)
        | (dist): make(dist, 0, dist)

Posn(2, 3)
Posn(5)
```

Helper definition within class:

```
class Posn0D():
  val mutable singleton: #false
  constructor (make):
    fun ():
      unless singleton | singleton := make()
      singleton

Posn0D() === Posn0D()
```

Open Issues
-----------

An uncooperative custom constructor for a non-final class might return
an instance of itself or some other subclass when called on behalf of
the constructor for a different subclass.

Class clause macros should be able to receive information about the

> fields of the enclosing class. Moving `extends` out of the clas sbody

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fields of the enclosing class. Moving `extends` out of the class body
```

Author: Fixed - thanks!

block is first tried as a class clause, then as a definition, and
finally as an expression (analogous to the way that definitions and
then experessions are tried in a Rhombus module or body blocks
generally).

The right-hand side of a `field` declaration is similarly evaluated
once when the class is defined. The resulting constant is used to
initialize the field in each instance. Since these fields must be
mutable to be useful, the `mutable` keyword is not needed or allowed
in a `field` clause.

The `constructor` clause expects an immediate function in its block.
The `entry_point` syntactic category includes `fun` with the same
syntax as its expression form. It also includes a `rule` form for
simple pattern-matching macro transformations, which is useful with
`binding` and `anotation`. (When `constructor` is specified, then
typically `binding` and `annotation` should also be specified.) The
`entry_point` for `binding` and `annotation` is a meta-time
expression.

A class is `final` unless `nonfinal` or `extends` is present (i.e., by
default, classes do not have subclasses). A `nonfinal` clause is
implied when `extends` is present and `final` is not present (i.e., by

> default, a subclass can have surther subclasses).

Reviewer 2: further

Author: Fixed - thanks!
